feat: Add docs for `useBrowserLanguage`under widget SDK (#350)
chatwoot/docs: docs/product/channels/live-chat/sdk/setup.md

  hideMessageBubble: false,
  position: "left", // This can be left or right
  locale: "en", // Language to be set
  useBrowserLanguage: false, // Set widget language from user's browser
  type: "standard", // [standard, expanded_bubble]
  darkMode: "auto", // [light, auto]
};
```

> ### Set browser language as chatwoot widget locale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use browser language in your live chat widget automatically
```

To show the live chat widget in the user's browser locale, set the `useBrowserLanguage` to `true` in the `window.chatwootSettings` mentioned above.

> **Note**: If `useBrowserLanguage` is set to `true`, The `locale` mentioned will be ignored. If the browser language is not suported by chatwoot, the locale mentioned under `locale` will be used. If that's also missing, the widget will fallback to `locale` of agent dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If `useBrowserLanguage` is set to `true`, The `locale` mentioned will be ignored. If the browser language is not supported by chatwoot, the locale mentioned under `locale` will be used. If that's also missing, the widget will fall back to the `locale` of the agent dashboard.
```
